README.md, before:

# Tech_Blog

![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=license&message=MIT&color=green)

## Description
The Tech Blog application is a CMS-style blog site similar to a Wordpress site, where developers can publish their blog posts and comment on other developers’ posts as well. This application follows the MVC paradigm in its architectural structure, using Handlebars.js as the templating language, Sequelize as the ORM, and express-session npm package for authentication.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)


## Installation
To install my project use the following link: https://github.com/dianavw8/Tech_Blog and follow these simple directions:

Above the list of files, click on the "Code" button.

Copy the URL for the repository.

Open Git Bash.

Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory.

Type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied earlier.

Press Enter to create your local clone.

For more help and information achiving this, check out the following website: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository

## Usage
The refactored website can be found at: https://radiant-tor-97650.herokuapp.com

The following image demonstrates the application's appearance and functionality:
![The Tech Blog image shows the home page with blogs and links to Home, Dashboard, Login](./assets/Tech_Blog_Homepage.jpg)

## License

MIT License link: https://github.com/babel/babel/blob/master/LICENSE


## Contributing

The following are contributers to the making of the Tech Blog project:

https://shields.io/

https://choosealicense.com/

https://opensource.org/licenses##

Commit message:

Edited Readme and added images, added to homeRouts, added comments handelbars

README.md, after:

# Tech_Blog

![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=license&message=MIT&color=green)

## Description
The Tech Blog application is a CMS-style blog site similar to a Wordpress site, where developers can publish their blog posts and comment on other developers’ posts as well. This application follows the MVC paradigm in its architectural structure, using Handlebars.js as the templating language, Sequelize as the ORM, and express-session npm package for authentication.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)


## Installation
To install my project use the following link: https://github.com/dianavw8/Tech_Blog and follow these simple directions:

Above the list of files, click on the "Code" button.

Copy the URL for the repository.

Open Git Bash.

Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory.

Type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied earlier.

Press Enter to create your local clone.

For more help and information achiving this, check out the following website: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository

## Usage
The refactored website can be found at: https://radiant-tor-97650.herokuapp.com

The following image demonstrates the application's appearance and functionality in the Home page:
![The Tech Blog image shows the home page with blogs and links to Home, Dashboard, Login](./assets/Tech_Blog_Home_.jpg)

The following image demonstrates the application's appearance and functionality in editing your blog:
![The Tech Blog image shows the home page with blogs and links to Home, Dashboard, Login](./assets/Tech_Blog_Edit_Blog_.jpg)

The following image demonstrates the application's appearance and functionality in adding a blog:
![The Tech Blog image shows the home page with blogs and links to Home, Dashboard, Login](./assets/Tech_Blog_Add_Blog_.jpg)

The following image demonstrates the application's appearance and functionality when commenting and seeing other comments on a blog:
![The Tech Blog image shows the home page with blogs and links to Home, Dashboard, Login](./assets/Tech_Blog_Comments_.jpg)

## License

MIT License link: https://github.com/babel/babel/blob/master/LICENSE


## Contributing

The following are contributers to the making of the Tech Blog project:

https://shields.io/

https://choosealicense.com/

https://opensource.org/licenses##
